`Tabs` web content updates (HDS-1277) (#937)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/tabs/partials/code/component-api.md

  </C.Property>
</Doc::ComponentApi>

### Tabs::Tab API

<Doc::ComponentApi as |C|>
  <C.Property @name="count" @type="string">
    Displays an optional `count` indicator in the tab. Accepts the text value that should go in the [BadgeCount](/components/badge-count).
  </C.Property>
  <C.Property @name="icon">

>     Displays an optional icon in the tab. Accepts the name of the [Icon](https://flight-hashicorp.vercel.app/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Displays an optional icon in the tab. Accepts the name of the [Icon](/foundations/icons).
```
